[Music]
being a part of of the speakers group in
in this event I'm really proud and so
excited for a
[Music]
challenge
good morning and welcome everyone to the
KMS biggest event of the Year take on
today
[Music]
today I was so overwhelmed by the
variety of the topics and most them are
related to the gener AI and they are
really training right now yeah so KS as
we are getting into generative AI first
place we need to use generative AI is in
our own job where we are writing Cod or
we are designing ux or we are writing
requirements or testing the software all
those places we can use generative AI
tools
Mr
[Music]
[Applause]
py
[Music]